# CS---305: Security Software

  Artemis Financial is a consulting company that wants to modernize their operations. This company works with clients that want to achieve their financial goals through savings, retirement, investments and insurance. Artemis Financial wants to ensure that their system is properly secured so that the sensitive information of their clients is protected. 
  
  It is critical, when working with a client like Artemis Financial, to ensure we are following best practices when it comes to developing software so that we can eliminate security threats early on in development. It would save resources if we understood how to properly develop the code initially, and reduce the amount of time spent on testing the program for vulnerabilities. If we can mitigate those security issues early on then it would promote a better product for the client. Security is important, especially in this case where Artemis Financial is working with sensitive material for their clients. If the software we develop is subpar, then we are putting Artemis Financial at risk, as their program could put their client’s information at risk, which would eliminate their clientele. I was able to run some static testing of the software, and then was able to suppress false positives by implementing another XML file. This would only yield vulnerabilities that are found in our software and pertinent to our program.
 
 One part I found challenging was learning about static testing, and then trying to understand the report after running the first test. I think it was a little overwhelming trying to read everything all at once and trying to figure out how it pertained to this specific program, I wasn’t deciphering the report very well initially. We ended up running more and more testing, and then we learned about how helpful suppressing the false positives can be, and how it can help digest the bigger report and help us find out what is pertinent to our program. 
 
 I think the best way to increase layers of security that are necessary is by using static testing. This should give you a great understanding of how the code being written can be used for evil. It breaks it all down to outdated software issues, or even functions that are in the code. This is a great starting place when it comes to implementing layers of security. I think that knowledge is power in this aspect, so I would refer to Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE), or the National Vulnerability Database(NVD) to learn how to use resources like these to protect my work in the future.
 
 I think that what I might show future employes from this assignment, is how resourceful I can be when I may not have all of the answers to all of the problems at that moment in time. What I have learned from this course, and previous courses, is how to leverage resources that are online, and more importantly, how to use what I have learned to complete the task at hand. In this assignment, we referenced a lot of outside resources to check for security vulnerabilities, and using these external resources and being able to integrate them into our current program and shows how dynamic I can be if I need to.
 
